Update requirements for OCI-mode (#118)
sylabs/singularity-admindocs: installation.rst

External Binaries
-----------------

Singularity depends on a number of external binaries for full functionality. The
methods that are used to find these binaries have been standardized as below.

Bundled Utilities
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In a standard {Singularity} installation, the following are bundled and
installed into {Singularity}'s ``libexec/bin`` directory. However, at
compilation time ``mconfig`` options can be used to disable building these

> tools, in which case they will be found on ``$PATH``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools, in which case they will be searched for on ``$PATH`` at runtime.
```

location, which should generally be on a local filesystem that supports
overlay.

Fakeroot & OCI-Mode subuid/gid mapping

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
